you took the money didn't it's real
complicated I'm talking about
embezzlement here you guys know how many
properties I sold last quarter 23
property please tell me mr. by myself
for you man
genetic Darrell you don't even know you
got a problem I just want to make sure I
understand the deal as far as the
confidentiality aspect is concerned
21-day program which begins here in
detox I'll examine you see what
chemicals were using prescribed
medication great is that what I'm gonna
look like tomorrow sleeping alone starts
to get you down sometimes I just know
how tough it can be to have to sleep
along I'll bet you do Darrell I've been
through a lot you attracted to me yeah
yeah but sir nothing yet I want you out
of here fine call me out here I'm out of
here
Oh God I've been a wild nine million job
interviews of 52 thousand dollars in
debt and I got this chip god knows what
we got going next month